zstack and volume matching implementation (#3)
datajoint/element-zstack: docs/src/index.md

# Element BossDB for storing volumetric data

> DataJoint BossDB for volumetric data processing via BossDB. DataJoint Elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Element ZStack

DataJoint Element for volumetric data segmentation with Cellpose and cell matching across sessions. DataJoint Elements
```
